This application attaches great importance to user privacy policies and strictly abides by relevant laws and regulations. Please read the "Privacy Policy" carefully before continuing to use it. If you continue to use our services, it means that you have fully read and understood all the contents of our agreement.

This app respects and protects the personal privacy of all service users. In order to provide you with more accurate and better services, this application will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. Except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy, this application will not disclose or provide this information to third parties without your prior permission. This application will update this privacy policy from time to time. When you agree to this application service use agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to the entire content of this privacy policy.

Scope of application
(a) When you register your app account for this app, you provide personal registration information according to the app's requirements;

(b) When you use this application network service or visit the application platform webpage, this application automatically receives and records the information on your browser and computer, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, Data such as the language used, the date and time of the visit, the software and hardware characteristics, and the web page records you need;

(c) This application obtains user personal data from business partners through legal means.

(d) This application strictly prohibits users from posting bad information, such as nudity, pornography, and profanity. We will review the posted content. Once any bad information is found, all permissions of the user will be disabled and the account will be blocked.

Information use
(a) This application will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal login information to any unrelated third party. If our storage is repaired or upgraded, we will send a push message to notify you in advance, please allow this app to notify you in advance.

(b) This application also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or disseminate your personal information by any means. If any user of this application platform engages in the above activities, once discovered, this application has the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with the user.

(c) For the purpose of serving users, this application may use your personal information to provide you with information that you are interested in, including but not limited to sending you product and service information, or sharing information with partners of this application for them To send you information about its products and services (the latter requires your prior consent).

Information disclosure
In the following cases, this application will disclose your personal information in whole or in part according to your personal wishes or legal requirements:

(a) We will not disclose to third parties without your prior consent;

(b) In order to provide the products and services you request, you must share your personal information with third parties;

(c) Disclosure to third parties or administrative or judicial institutions in accordance with relevant provisions of the law, or the requirements of administrative or judicial institutions;

(d) If you violate relevant Chinese laws, regulations or this application service agreement or related rules, you need to disclose to a third party;

(e) If you are a qualified intellectual property complainant and have filed a complaint, you should disclose it to the respondent at the request of the respondent, so that both parties can deal with possible rights disputes;

Information storage and exchange
The information and data collected by this application about you will be stored on the servers of this application and/or its affiliated companies. This information and data may be transmitted to your country, region, or outside the country where the application collects information and data, and in Visited, stored and displayed outside the country.

Use of cookies
(a) If you do not refuse to accept cookies, this application will set or access cookies on your computer so that you can log in or use the services or functions of this application platform that rely on cookies. This application uses cookies to provide you with more thoughtful and personalized services, including promotional services.

(b) You have the right to choose to accept or refuse to accept cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by modifying your browser settings. But if you choose to refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or use the web services or functions of this application that rely on cookies.

(c) This policy will apply to the relevant information obtained through the cookies set in this application.

6. Changes to this privacy policy

(a) If you decide to change the privacy policy, we will post these changes in this policy, on our company’s website and where we deem appropriate, so that you can understand how we collect and use your personal information and who can access this information. And under what circumstances we will disclose this information.

(b) The company reserves the right to modify this policy at any time, so please check it frequently. If there is a major change to this policy, the company will notify it through a website notice.

Parties disclose their personal information, such as contact information or postal address. Please properly protect your personal information and only provide it to others when necessary. If you find that your personal information is leaked, especially the user name and password of this application, please contact the customer service of this application immediately so that the application can take corresponding measures.

Thank you for taking the time to understand our privacy policy! We will do our best to protect your personal information and legal rights. Thank you again for your trust!
